A. Function concepts
1. Domain and range
2. Identify functions
3. Evaluate functions
4. Find values using function graphs
5. Complete a table for a function graph
6. Identify graphs: word problems

B. Linear equations
1. Solve linear equations
2. Solve linear equations: complete the solution

C. Linear inequalities
1. Graph inequalities
2. Write inequalities from graphs
3. Solve linear inequalities
4. Graph solutions to linear inequalities

D. Linear functions
1. Find the slope of a linear function
2. Graph a linear function
3. Write the equation of a linear function
4. Linear functions over unit intervals

E. Systems of linear equations
1. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of equations?
2. Solve a system of equations by graphing
3. Solve a system of equations by graphing: word problems
4. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations
5. Classify a system of equations
6. Solve a system of equations using substitution
7. Solve a system of equations using substitution: word problems
8. Solve a system of equations using elimination
9. Solve a system of equations using elimination: word problems
10. Solve a system of equations using any method
11. Solve a system of equations using any method: word problems
12. Solve a system of equations in three variables using substitution

F. Two-variable linear inequalities
1. Write two-variable linear inequalities: word problems
2. Graph a two-variable linear inequality
3. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of inequalities?
4. Solve systems of linear inequalities by graphing
5. Find the vertices of a solution set for a system of linear inequalities
6. Linear programming

G. Absolute value equations and inequalities
1. Solve absolute value equations
2. Graph solutions to absolute value equations
3. Write absolute value equations from graphs
4. Solve absolute value inequalities
5. Graph solutions to absolute value inequalities

H. Absolute value functions
1. Domain and range of absolute value functions: graphs
2. Domain and range of absolute value functions: equations
3. Graph an absolute value function
4. Transformations of absolute value functions
5. Graph solutions to two-variable absolute value inequalities
6. Solve systems of linear and absolute value inequalities by graphing

I. Piecewise-defined functions
1. Evaluate piecewise-defined functions
2. Graph piecewise-defined functions

J. Real numbers
1. Sort rational and irrational numbers
2. Classify rational and irrational numbers
3. Properties of operations on rational and irrational numbers

K. Complex numbers
1. Introduction to complex numbers
2. Add and subtract complex numbers
3. Complex conjugates
4. Multiply complex numbers
5. Divide complex numbers
6. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide complex numbers
7. Absolute values of complex numbers
8. Powers of i

L. Polynomial operations
1. Polynomial vocabulary
2. Add and subtract polynomials
3. Multiply polynomials

M. Factor polynomials
1. Sort factors of single-variable expressions
2. Sort factors of multi-variable expressions

N. Quadratic functions
1. Characteristics of quadratic functions: graphs
2. Characteristics of quadratic functions: equations

O. Quadratic equations and inequalities
1. Solve a quadratic equation using square roots
2. Solve a quadratic equation using the zero product property
3. Solve a quadratic equation by factoring
4. Complete the square
5. Solve a quadratic equation by completing the square
6. Solve a quadratic equation using the quadratic formula
7. Solve quadratic equations: word problems
8. Using the discriminant
9. Graph solutions to quadratic inequalities
10. Solve quadratic inequalities

P. Systems of linear and quadratic equations
1. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations by graphing: parabolas
2. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations: parabolas
3. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations: circles
4. Solve a nonlinear system of equations

Q. Polynomial equations and functions

R. Radical expressions
1. Roots of integers
2. Roots of rational numbers
3. Find roots using a calculator

S. Radical functions and equations
1. Domain and range of radical functions
2. Graph square root functions
3. Graph cube root functions
4. Solve radical equations

T. Rational exponents
1. Evaluate rational exponents
2. Convert between rational exponents and radicals

U. Function operations
1. Add and subtract functions
2. Multiply functions
3. Divide functions

V. Inverse functions
1. Identify inverse functions
2. Find values of inverse functions from tables
3. Find values of inverse functions from graphs

W. Function transformations
1. Function transformation rules
2. Translations of functions
3. Reflections of functions
4. Dilations of functions
5. Transformations of functions
6. Describe function transformations

X. Rational functions and expressions
1. Rational functions: asymptotes and excluded values
2. Evaluate rational expressions I
3. Evaluate rational expressions II
4. Simplify rational expressions
5. Multiply and divide rational expressions
6. Add and subtract rational expressions
7. Simplify complex fractions
8. Solve rational equations

Y. Variation
1. Write and solve direct variation equations
2. Write and solve inverse variation equations
3. Classify variation
4. Write joint and combined variation equations I
5. Find the constant of variation
6. Write joint and combined variation equations II
7. Solve variation equations

Z. Exponential functions
1. Domain and range of exponential functions
2. Evaluate exponential functions
3. Write exponential functions: word problems
4. Graph exponential functions
5. Match exponential functions and graphs
6. Exponential functions over unit intervals
7. Identify linear and exponential functions
8. Describe linear and exponential growth and decay
9. Exponential growth and decay: word problems

AA. Logarithms
1. Convert between exponential and logarithmic form: rational bases
2. Convert between natural exponential and logarithmic form
3. Convert between exponential and logarithmic form: all bases
4. Evaluate logarithms

BB. Logarithmic functions
1. Domain and range of logarithmic functions
2. Graph logarithmic functions

CC. Exponential and logarithmic equations
1. Solve exponential equations by rewriting the base
2. Solve exponential equations using common logarithms
3. Solve exponential equations using natural logarithms
4. Compound interest: word problems
5. Continuously compounded interest: word problems
6. Solve logarithmic equations I
7. Solve logarithmic equations II

DD. Parabolas
1. Identify the direction a parabola opens
2. Find the vertex of a parabola

EE. Circles
1. Find the center of a circle
2. Find the radius or diameter of a circle
3. Write equations of circles in standard form from graphs
4. Write equations of circles in standard form using properties
5. Convert equations of circles from general to standard form
6. Find properties of circles from equations in general form
7. Graph circles

FF. Ellipses

GG. Hyperbolas

HH. Angle measures
1. Convert between radians and degrees
2. Radians and arc length
3. Angles in standard position
4. Quadrants
5. Coterminal angles
6. Reference angles

II. Right triangle trigonometry

JJ. Laws of Sines and Cosines
1. Law of Sines
2. Law of Cosines
3. Solve a triangle
4. Area of a triangle: sine formula
5. Area of a triangle: Law of Sines

KK. Trigonometric functions
1. Find properties of sine functions
2. Write equations of sine functions from graphs
3. Write equations of sine functions using properties
4. Graph sine functions
5. Graph translations of sine functions
6. Find properties of cosine functions
7. Write equations of cosine functions from graphs
8. Write equations of cosine functions using properties
9. Graph cosine functions
10. Graph translations of cosine functions
11. Find properties of sine and cosine functions
12. Write equations of sine and cosine functions from graphs
13. Write equations of sine and cosine functions using properties
14. Graph sine and cosine functions
15. Graph translations of sine and cosine functions

LL. Trigonometric identities
1. Complementary angle identities
2. Symmetry and periodicity of trigonometric functions

MM. Sequences
1. Find terms of an arithmetic sequence
2. Find terms of a geometric sequence
3. Evaluate explicit formulas for sequences
4. Evaluate recursive formulas for sequences
5. Classify formulas and sequences
6. Write a formula for an arithmetic sequence
7. Write a formula for a geometric sequence
8. Write a formula for a recursive sequence
9. Convert a recursive formula to an explicit formula
10. Convert an explicit formula to a recursive formula
11. Convert between explicit and recursive formulas
12. Sequences: mixed review

NN. Series
1. Identify arithmetic and geometric series
2. Introduction to sigma notation
3. Find the sum of an arithmetic series
4. Find the sum of a finite geometric series
5. Introduction to partial sums
6. Partial sums of arithmetic series

OO. Probability
1. Calculate probabilities of events
2. Counting principle
3. Combinations and permutations

PP. Probability distributions
1. Identify probability distributions
2. Identify discrete and continuous random variables
3. Write a discrete probability distribution
4. Graph a discrete probability distribution
5. Expected values of random variables
6. Variance of random variables
7. Standard deviation of random variables
8. Write the probability distribution for a game of chance
9. Expected values for a game of chance
10. Choose the better bet

QQ. Binomial and normal distributions
1. Find probabilities using the binomial distribution
2. Find probabilities using the normal distribution I
3. Find probabilities using the normal distribution II
4. Find values of a normally distributed variable
5. Distributions of sample means
6. The Central Limit Theorem

RR. Single-variable statistics
1. Identify biased samples
2. Variance and standard deviation
3. Identify an outlier
4. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
5. Find confidence intervals for population means

SS. Bivariate statistics
1. Outliers in scatter plots
2. Match correlation coefficients to scatter plots
3. Calculate correlation coefficients
4. Find the equation of a regression line
5. Interpret regression lines

TT. Matrices
1. Matrix vocabulary
2. Matrix operation rules
3. Add and subtract matrices
4. Multiply a matrix by a scalar
5. Add and subtract scalar multiples of matrices
6. Multiply two matrices
7. Simplify matrix expressions
8. Properties of matrices
