A. Numbers and operations
1. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide integers
2. Evaluate numerical expressions involving integers
3. Convert between decimals and fractions
4. Add and subtract rational numbers
5. Multiply and divide rational numbers
6. Simplify complex fractions
7. Evaluate numerical expressions involving rational numbers
8. Square roots
9. Cube roots
10. Sort rational and irrational numbers
11. Classify rational and irrational numbers
12. Properties of operations on rational and irrational numbers
13. Classify numbers

B. Expressions
1. Write variable expressions
2. Evaluate variable expressions involving integers
3. Evaluate variable expressions involving rational numbers
4. Evaluate rational expressions
5. Sort factors of variable expressions
6. Simplify variable expressions involving like terms and the distributive property
7. Identify equivalent linear expressions
8. Write variable expressions: two-step
9. Write and evaluate variable expressions for real-world situations
10. Identify equivalent linear expressions: word problems

C. Solve linear equations
1. Write variable equations
2. Does x satisfy the equation?
3. Which x satisfies an equation?
4. Properties of equality
5. Identify equivalent equations
6. Model and solve linear equations using algebra tiles
7. Solve one-step linear equations
8. Solve two-step linear equations
9. Solve one-step and two-step linear equations: word problems
10. Solve linear equations with variables on one side
11. Consecutive integer problems
12. Solve linear equations with variables on both sides
13. Solve linear equations: mixed review
14. Solve linear equations: complete the solution
15. Find the number of solutions to a linear equation
16. Create linear equations with no solutions or infinitely many solutions
17. Solve linear equations with variables on both sides: word problems
18. Rearrange multi-variable equations

D. Geometry and measurement
1. Area and perimeter: word problems
2. Volume
3. Surface area
4. Precision
5. Greatest possible error
6. Minimum and maximum area and volume
7. Percent error
8. Percent error: area and volume

E. Problem solving with units
1. Scale drawings: word problems
2. Convert rates and measurements: customary units
3. Convert rates and measurements: metric units
4. Unit prices with unit conversions
5. Multi-step problems with unit conversions
6. Rate of travel: word problems
7. Weighted averages: word problems

F. Solve linear inequalities
1. Graph inequalities
2. Write inequalities from graphs
3. Identify solutions to inequalities
4. Solve one-step linear inequalities: addition and subtraction
5. Solve one-step linear inequalities: multiplication and division
6. Solve one-step linear inequalities
7. Graph solutions to one-step linear inequalities
8. Solve two-step linear inequalities
9. Graph solutions to two-step linear inequalities
10. Solve advanced linear inequalities
11. Graph solutions to advanced linear inequalities
12. Graph compound inequalities
13. Write compound inequalities from graphs
14. Solve compound inequalities
15. Graph solutions to compound inequalities

G. Sets
1. Sets, subsets, and complements
2. Set-builder notation
3. Interval notation
4. Unions and intersections of sets

H. Absolute value equations and inequalities
1. Solve absolute value equations
2. Graph solutions to absolute value equations
3. Write absolute value equations from graphs
4. Solve absolute value inequalities
5. Graph solutions to absolute value inequalities

I. Coordinate plane
1. Coordinate plane review
2. Midpoint formula: find the midpoint
3. Midpoint formula: find the endpoint
4. Distance between two points

J. Direct and inverse variation
1. Find the constant of variation
2. Write direct variation equations
3. Write and solve direct variation equations
4. Identify direct variation and inverse variation
5. Write inverse variation equations
6. Write and solve inverse variation equations

K. Slope
1. Find the slope of a graph
2. Find the slope from two points
3. Find the slope from a table
4. Find a missing coordinate using slope

L. Linear equations
1. Does (x, y) satisfy the linear equation?
2. Relate the graph of a linear equation to its solutions
3. Slope-intercept form: find the slope and y-intercept
4. Slope-intercept form: graph an equation
5. Slope-intercept form: write an equation from a graph
6. Slope-intercept form: write an equation
7. Slope-intercept form: write an equation from a table
8. Linear equations: solve for y
9. Write linear equations in standard form
10. Standard form: find x- and y-intercepts
11. Standard form: graph a line from an equation
12. Equations of horizontal and vertical lines
13. Graph a horizontal or vertical line
14. Point-slope form: graph an equation
15. Point-slope form: write an equation
16. Point-slope form: write an equation from a graph
17. Find the slope and intercepts from an equation
18. Slopes of parallel and perpendicular lines
19. Write an equation for a parallel or perpendicular line

M. Function concepts
1. Relations: convert between tables, graphs, mappings, and lists of points
2. Domain and range of relations
3. Identify independent and dependent variables
4. Identify functions
5. Identify functions: vertical line test
6. Find values using function graphs
7. Evaluate a function
8. Evaluate a function: plug in an expression
9. Complete a function table from a graph
10. Complete a function table from an equation
11. Find solutions using a table
12. Approximate solutions using a table
13. Interpret functions using everyday language
14. Identify graphs: word problems
15. Rate of change: tables
16. Rate of change: graphs

N. Linear functions
1. Identify linear functions from graphs and equations
2. Identify linear functions from tables
3. Complete a table and graph a linear function
4. Evaluate a linear function from its graph: word problems
5. Rate of change of a linear function: tables
6. Rate of change of a linear function: graphs
7. Interpret the slope and y-intercept of a linear function
8. Write a linear function: word problems
9. Domain and range of linear functions: graphs
10. Domain and range of linear functions: word problems
11. Compare linear functions: graphs and equations
12. Compare linear functions: tables, graphs, and equations
13. Transformations of linear functions

O. Systems of linear equations
1. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of equations?
2. Solve a system of equations by graphing
3. Solve a system of equations by graphing: word problems
4. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations by graphing
5. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations
6. Classify a system of equations by graphing
7. Classify a system of equations
8. Solve a system of equations using substitution
9. Solve a system of equations using substitution: word problems
10. Solve a system of equations using elimination
11. Solve a system of equations using elimination: word problems
12. Solve a system of equations using augmented matrices
13. Solve a system of equations using augmented matrices: word problems
14. Solve a system of equations using any method
15. Solve a system of equations using any method: word problems

P. Two-variable linear inequalities
1. Does (x, y) satisfy the inequality?
2. Linear inequalities: solve for y
3. Graph a two-variable linear inequality
4. Write a linear inequality from a graph
5. Write two-variable inequalities: word problems
6. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of linear inequalities?
7. Solve systems of linear inequalities by graphing

Q. Piecewise-defined functions
1. Evaluate piecewise-defined functions
2. Graph piecewise-defined functions

R. Integer exponents
1. Powers with integer bases
2. Powers with decimal and fractional bases
3. Negative exponents
4. Multiplication rule for exponents
5. Division rule for exponents
6. Power rule for exponents
7. Simplify exponential expressions using the multiplication rule
8. Simplify exponential expressions using the division rule
9. Simplify exponential expressions using the multiplication and division rules
10. Simplify exponential expressions using the power rule
11. Simplify exponential expressions using exponent rules
12. Evaluate expressions using exponent rules
13. Identify equivalent exponential expressions I
14. Identify equivalent exponential expressions II

S. Rational exponents
1. Evaluate integers raised to positive rational exponents
2. Evaluate integers raised to rational exponents
3. Multiplication with rational exponents
4. Division with rational exponents
5. Power rule with rational exponents
6. Simplify expressions involving rational exponents

T. Scientific notation
1. Convert between standard and scientific notation
2. Compare numbers written in scientific notation
3. Add and subtract numbers written in scientific notation
4. Multiply numbers written in scientific notation
5. Divide numbers written in scientific notation

U. Sequences
1. Identify arithmetic and geometric sequences
2. Arithmetic sequences
3. Geometric sequences
4. Evaluate an explicit formula for a sequence
5. Write an explicit formula for an arithmetic sequence
6. Write an explicit formula for a geometric sequence
7. Find recursive formulas for arithmetic sequences
8. Find recursive formulas for geometric sequences
9. Convert between explicit and recursive formulas
10. Write recursive and explicit formulas for sequences
11. Sequences: word problems
12. Sequences: mixed review

V. Exponential functions
1. Evaluate an exponential function
2. Graph exponential functions
3. Match exponential functions and graphs I
4. Match exponential functions and graphs II
5. Domain and range of exponential functions: graphs
6. Domain and range of exponential functions: equations
7. Write exponential functions from tables and graphs
8. Write exponential functions: word problems
9. Exponential growth and decay: word problems
10. Compound interest: word problems

W. Polynomials
1. Polynomial vocabulary
2. Model polynomials with algebra tiles
3. Add and subtract polynomials using algebra tiles
4. Add and subtract polynomials
5. Add polynomials to find perimeter
6. Multiply a polynomial by a monomial
7. Multiply two binomials using algebra tiles
8. Multiply two binomials
9. Multiply two binomials: special cases
10. Multiply polynomials using area models
11. Multiply polynomials
12. Multiply polynomials to find area
13. Divide polynomials by monomials
14. Divide polynomials using long division

X. Factor polynomials
1. GCF of monomials
2. LCM of monomials
3. Factor out a monomial
4. Factor quadratics using algebra tiles
5. Factor quadratics with leading coefficient 1
6. Factor quadratics with other leading coefficients
7. Factor quadratics: special cases
8. Factor by grouping
9. Factor using a quadratic pattern
10. Factor polynomials

Y. Quadratic functions
1. Characteristics of quadratic functions: graphs
2. Characteristics of quadratic functions: equations
3. Complete a function table: quadratic functions
4. Transformations of quadratic functions
5. Graph quadratic functions in vertex form
6. Write a quadratic function in vertex form
7. Graph quadratic functions in standard form
8. Match quadratic functions and graphs
9. Domain and range of quadratic functions: graphs
10. Domain and range of quadratic functions: equations
11. Write a quadratic function in vertex form from its vertex and another point
12. Write a quadratic function in factored form from its x-intercepts and another point
13. Interpret parts of quadratic expressions: word problems

Z. Quadratic equations
1. Solve a quadratic equation using square roots
2. Solve a quadratic equation using the zero product property
3. Solve a quadratic equation by factoring
4. Complete the square
5. Solve a quadratic equation by completing the square
6. Solve a quadratic equation using the quadratic formula
7. Solve quadratic equations: word problems
8. Using the discriminant
9. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations by graphing
10. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations

AA. Linear, quadratic, and exponential functions
1. Identify linear and exponential functions from graphs
2. Identify linear, quadratic, and exponential functions from graphs
3. Identify linear and exponential functions from tables
4. Identify linear, quadratic, and exponential functions from tables
5. Write linear and exponential functions: word problems
6. Write linear and exponential functions from tables
7. Write linear, quadratic, and exponential functions from tables
8. Linear functions over unit intervals
9. Exponential functions over unit intervals
10. Describe linear and exponential growth and decay
11. Compare linear and exponential growth
12. Compare linear, exponential, and quadratic growth

BB. Absolute value functions
1. Complete a function table: absolute value functions
2. Graph an absolute value function
3. Domain and range of absolute value functions: graphs
4. Domain and range of absolute value functions: equations
5. Transformations of absolute value functions: translations and reflections
6. Transformations of absolute value functions: translations, reflections, and dilations

CC. Function operations
1. Add and subtract functions
2. Multiply functions
3. Find the inverse of a linear function

DD. Function transformations
1. Function transformation rules
2. Translations of functions
3. Reflections of functions
4. Dilations of functions
5. Transformations of functions
6. Describe function transformations

EE. Radical expressions
1. Simplify radical expressions
2. Simplify radical expressions with variables
3. Simplify radical expressions involving fractions
4. Multiply radical expressions
5. Add and subtract radical expressions
6. Simplify radical expressions using the distributive property
7. Simplify radical expressions using conjugates
8. Simplify radical expressions: mixed review
9. Convert between rational exponents and radicals

FF. Radical functions
1. Evaluate square root functions
2. Domain and range of square root functions: graphs
3. Domain and range of square root functions: equations
4. Graph square root functions
5. Graph cube root functions
6. Solve radical equations I
7. Solve radical equations II

GG. Rational functions and expressions
1. Rational functions: asymptotes and excluded values
2. Simplify rational expressions
3. Multiply and divide rational expressions
4. Add and subtract rational expressions
5. Simplify mixed rational expressions
6. Solve rational equations

HH. Data and graphs
1. Create line plots
2. Interpret line plots
3. Create histograms
4. Interpret histograms
5. Create bar graphs, line graphs, and histograms
6. Interpret bar graphs, line graphs, and histograms
7. Interpret circle graphs
8. Interpret stem-and-leaf plots
9. Box plots
10. Interpret graphics I
11. Interpret graphics II

II. Single-variable statistics
1. Identify biased samples
2. Mean, median, mode, and range
3. Calculate quartiles and interquartile range
4. Identify an outlier
5. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
6. Variance and standard deviation
7. Choose appropriate measures of center and variation

JJ. Bivariate statistics
1. Interpret a scatter plot
2. Outliers in scatter plots
3. Match correlation coefficients to scatter plots
4. Calculate correlation coefficients
5. Write equations for lines of best fit
6. Interpret lines of best fit: word problems
7. Find the equation of a regression line
8. Interpret regression lines
9. Analyze a regression line of a data set
10. Exponential regression
11. Correlation and causation

KK. Probability
1. Theoretical probability
2. Experimental probability
3. Find probabilities using two-way frequency tables
4. Find conditional probabilities using two-way frequency tables
5. Outcomes of compound events
6. Identify independent and dependent events
7. Probability of independent and dependent events
8. Counting principle
9. Permutations
10. Permutation and combination notation

LL. Matrices
1. Matrix vocabulary
2. Matrix operation rules
3. Add and subtract matrices
4. Multiply a matrix by a scalar
5. Add and subtract scalar multiples of matrices
6. Multiply two matrices
7. Properties of matrices
