A. Introduction to limits
1. Find limits using graphs
2. Find one-sided limits using graphs
3. Determine if a limit exists

B. Calculate limits
1. Find limits using addition, subtraction, and multiplication laws
2. Find limits using the division law
3. Find limits using power and root laws
4. Find limits using limit laws
5. Find limits of polynomials and rational functions
6. Find limits involving factorization and rationalization
7. Find limits involving absolute value functions
8. Find limits involving trigonometric functions

C. Infinite limits
1. Find limits at vertical asymptotes using graphs
2. Find the limit at a vertical asymptote of a rational function I
3. Find the limit at a vertical asymptote of a rational function II

D. Limits at infinity
1. Determine end behavior using graphs
2. Determine end behavior of polynomial and rational functions

E. Continuity
1. Identify graphs of continuous functions
2. Determine continuity using graphs
3. Determine one-sided continuity using graphs
4. Find and analyze points of discontinuity using graphs
5. Determine continuity on an interval using graphs
6. Determine the continuity of a piecewise function at a point
7. Make a piecewise function continuous
8. Intermediate Value Theorem

F. Introduction to derivatives
1. Average rate of change I
2. Average rate of change II
3. Find instantaneous rates of change
4. Velocity as a rate of change
5. Find values of derivatives using limits
6. Find the slope of a tangent line using limits
7. Find equations of tangent lines using limits

G. Derivative rules
1. Sum and difference rules
2. Product rule
3. Quotient rule
4. Power rule I
5. Power rule II
6. Chain rule
7. Inverse function rule

H. Calculate derivatives
1. Find derivatives of polynomials
2. Find derivatives of rational functions
3. Find derivatives of sine and cosine functions
4. Find derivatives of other trigonometric functions
5. Find derivatives of exponential functions
6. Find derivatives of logarithmic functions
7. Find derivatives of inverse trigonometric functions
8. Find derivatives of radical functions
9. Find derivatives using the product rule I
10. Find derivatives using the product rule II
11. Find derivatives using the quotient rule I
12. Find derivatives using the quotient rule II
13. Find derivatives of trigonometric functions using the product and quotient rules
14. Find derivatives using the chain rule I
15. Find derivatives using the chain rule II

I. Derivative strategies
1. Find derivatives using implicit differentiation
2. Find tangent lines using implicit differentiation
3. Find derivatives using logarithmic differentiation

J. Calculate higher derivatives
1. Find higher derivatives of polynomials
2. Find higher derivatives of rational and radical functions
3. Find second derivatives of trigonometric, exponential, and logarithmic functions
4. Find higher derivatives of exponential and trigonometric functions
5. Find higher derivatives of logarithmic and power functions

K. Rates of change
1. Relate position, velocity, speed, and acceleration using derivatives
2. Introduction to related rates

L. L'Hospital's rule
1. L'Hospital's rule: indeterminate forms involving quotients

M. Analyze functions using the first derivative
1. Mean Value Theorem
2. Find critical points of functions
3. Find local extrema using the first derivative test
4. Find absolute extrema on a closed interval
5. Identify the graph of the derivative from the graph of the function
6. Identify the graph of a function from the graph of its derivative

N. Analyze functions using the second derivative
1. Identify the graph of the second derivative from the graph of the function

O. Optimization
1. Introduction to optimization

P. Linear approximation
1. Linear approximation

Q. Introduction to integration
1. Approximate the area under a curve: left and right endpoints
2. Approximate the area under a curve: midpoints
3. Approximate the area under a curve: trapezoids
4. Definite integrals and net area
5. Evaluate definite integrals using graphs
6. Properties of definite integrals

R. Fundamental Theorem of Calculus
1. Fundamental Theorem of Calculus, Part 1
2. Fundamental Theorem of Calculus, Part 2

S. Antiderivatives and indefinite integrals
1. Find antiderivatives
2. Find indefinite integrals using the power rule
3. Find indefinite integrals involving exponential and logarithmic functions
4. Find indefinite integrals involving trigonometric functions
5. Find indefinite integrals: mixed review

T. Definite integrals
1. Evaluate definite integrals using the power rule
2. Evaluate definite integrals involving exponential and logarithmic functions
3. Evaluate definite integrals involving trigonometric functions
4. Evaluate definite integrals: mixed review

U. Integration techniques
1. Find indefinite integrals using substitution
2. Integrals involving inverse trigonometric functions
3. Integrate using long division

V. Differential equations
1. Solve first-order initial value problems

W. Applications of integration
1. Average value of a function
2. Areas of regions bounded by graphs and the x-axis
