A. Logic
1. Identify hypotheses and conclusions
2. Counterexamples
3. Conditionals
4. Negations
5. Converses, inverses, and contrapositives
6. Biconditionals
7. Truth tables
8. Truth values

B. Points, lines, line segments, and planes
1. Lines, line segments, and rays
2. Properties of planes, lines, and points
3. Describe intersections in a plane
4. Lengths of segments on number lines
5. Additive property of length
6. Midpoints

C. Angles
1. Angle vocabulary
2. Angle measures
3. Identify complementary, supplementary, vertical, adjacent, and congruent angles
4. Find measures of complementary, supplementary, vertical, and adjacent angles
5. Angle diagrams: solve for the variable
6. Angle bisectors
7. Construct an angle bisector
8. Construct a congruent angle
9. Proofs involving angles

D. Parallel and perpendicular lines
1. Identify parallel, intersecting, and skew lines and planes
2. Construct a perpendicular line
3. Transversals: name angle pairs
4. Transversals of parallel lines: find angle measures
5. Transversals of parallel lines: solve for x
6. Construct parallel lines
7. Proofs involving parallel lines I
8. Proofs involving parallel lines II

E. Lines in the coordinate plane
1. Slopes of lines
2. Graph a linear equation
3. Equations of lines
4. Slopes of parallel and perpendicular lines
5. Equations of parallel and perpendicular lines

F. Triangles review
1. Classify triangles
2. Triangle Angle-Sum Theorem
3. Exterior Angle Theorem
4. Exterior Angle Inequality

G. Polygons
1. Polygon vocabulary
2. Interior angles of polygons
3. Exterior angles of polygons

H. Congruence transformations
1. Classify congruence transformations
2. Translations: graph the image
3. Translations: find the coordinates
4. Translations: write the rule
5. Reflections: graph the image
6. Reflections: find the coordinates
7. Rotate polygons about a point
8. Rotations: graph the image
9. Rotations: find the coordinates
10. Reflections and rotations: write the rule
11. Glide reflections: graph the image
12. Sequences of congruence transformations: graph the image
13. Sequences of congruence transformations: choose the sequence
14. Sequences of congruence transformations: find the rules
15. Transformations that carry a polygon onto itself
16. Congruence transformations: mixed review

I. Dilations
1. Dilations: graph the image
2. Dilations: find the coordinates
3. Dilations: find length, perimeter, and area
4. Dilations: find the scale factor
5. Dilations: find the scale factor and center
6. Dilations and parallel lines

J. Symmetry
1. Line symmetry
2. Rotational symmetry
3. Draw lines of symmetry
4. Count lines of symmetry

K. Congruent figures review
1. Congruence statements and corresponding parts
2. Solve problems involving corresponding parts
3. Identify congruent figures
4. Determine if two figures are congruent: justify your answer

L. Congruent triangles
1. Prove triangles are congruent using rigid motions
2. SSS and SAS Theorems
3. Proving triangles congruent by SSS and SAS
4. ASA and AAS Theorems
5. Proving triangles congruent by ASA and AAS
6. SSS/SAS/ASA/AAS Theorems
7. SSS Theorem in the coordinate plane
8. Proving triangles congruent by SSS/SAS/ASA/AAS
9. Proofs involving corresponding parts of congruent triangles
10. Congruency in isosceles and equilateral triangles
11. Proofs involving isosceles triangles
12. Hypotenuse-Leg Theorem

M. Similar figures
1. Ratios in similar figures
2. Similarity statements
3. Identify similar figures
4. Side lengths and angle measures in similar figures
5. Similar triangles and indirect measurement
6. Perimeters of similar figures
7. Angle-angle criterion for similar triangles
8. Similarity rules for triangles
9. Similar triangles and similarity transformations
10. Determine if two figures are similar: justify your answer
11. Similarity of circles
12. Triangle Proportionality Theorem
13. Similarity and altitudes in right triangles
14. Areas of similar figures
15. Prove similarity statements
16. Prove proportions or angle congruences using similarity
17. Proofs involving similarity in right triangles

N. Properties of triangles
1. Midsegments of triangles
2. Triangles and bisectors
3. Identify medians, altitudes, angle bisectors, and perpendicular bisectors
4. Angle-side relationships in triangles
5. Triangle Inequality Theorem
6. Construct the circumcenter or incenter of a triangle
7. Construct the centroid or orthocenter of a triangle
8. Find the centroid of a triangle
9. Proofs involving triangles I
10. Proofs involving triangles II

O. Quadrilaterals
1. Identify trapezoids
2. Classify quadrilaterals I
3. Classify quadrilaterals II
4. Find missing angles in quadrilaterals
5. Graph quadrilaterals
6. Properties of parallelograms
7. Proving a quadrilateral is a parallelogram
8. Properties of rhombuses
9. Properties of squares and rectangles
10. Properties of trapezoids
11. Properties of kites
12. Review: properties of quadrilaterals
13. Classify shapes on the coordinate plane: justify your answer
14. Proofs involving triangles and quadrilaterals
15. Proofs involving quadrilaterals

P. Pythagorean theorem
1. Pythagorean theorem
2. Prove the Pythagorean theorem
3. Converse of the Pythagorean theorem
4. Pythagorean Inequality Theorems

Q. Right triangle trigonometry
1. Trigonometric ratios: sin, cos, and tan
2. Trigonometric ratios with radicals: sin, cos, and tan

R. Laws of Sines and Cosines
1. Law of Sines
2. Law of Cosines
3. Solve a triangle
4. Area of a triangle: sine formula
5. Area of a triangle: Law of Sines

S. Area and perimeter
1. Perimeter
2. Area of rectangles and squares
3. Area of parallelograms and triangles

T. Three-dimensional figures
1. Parts of three-dimensional figures
2. Three-dimensional figure vocabulary
3. Nets and drawings of three-dimensional figures
4. Cross sections of three-dimensional figures
5. Solids of revolution

U. Surface area and volume
1. Lateral area of prisms and cylinders
2. Lateral area of pyramids and cones
3. Surface area and volume of rectangular prisms
4. Surface area of prisms and cylinders
5. Surface area of pyramids and cones
6. Surface area of spheres
7. Volume of prisms and cylinders
8. Volume of pyramids and cones
9. Volume of spheres
10. Volume of compound figures
11. Similar solids: find the missing length
12. Surface area and volume of similar solids
13. Surface area and volume: changes in scale
14. Perimeter, area, and volume: changes in scale
15. Surface area and volume review

V. Measurement
1. Convert rates and measurements: customary units
2. Convert rates and measurements: metric units
3. Convert square and cubic units of length
4. Precision
5. Greatest possible error

W. Circles
1. Parts of a circle
2. Central angles and arc measures
3. Understand arc length and sector area of a circle

X. Constructions with circles
1. Construct a tangent line to a circle
2. Construct an equilateral triangle inscribed in a circle
3. Construct a square inscribed in a circle
4. Construct a regular hexagon inscribed in a circle
5. Construct the inscribed or circumscribed circle of a triangle

Y. Circles in the coordinate plane
1. Find the center of a circle
2. Find the radius or diameter of a circle
3. Determine if a point lies on a circle

Z. Parabolas in the coordinate plane
1. Find the vertex of a parabola
2. Find the focus or directrix of a parabola
3. Find the axis of symmetry of a parabola
4. Write equations of parabolas in vertex form from graphs
5. Write equations of parabolas in vertex form using the focus and directrix
6. Write equations of parabolas in vertex form using properties
7. Convert equations of parabolas from general to vertex form
8. Find properties of a parabola from equations in general form
9. Graph parabolas

AA. Probability
1. Theoretical and experimental probability
2. Outcomes of compound events
3. Identify independent and dependent events
4. Probability of independent and dependent events
5. Counting principle
6. Permutations

BB. Vectors
1. Compass directions and vectors
2. Find the magnitude of a vector
3. Find the component form of a vector
4. Find the component form of a vector given its magnitude and direction angle
5. Graph a resultant vector using the triangle method
6. Graph a resultant vector using the parallelogram method
7. Add vectors
8. Subtract vectors
