A. Integers
1. Understanding integers
2. Integers on number lines
3. Graph integers on horizontal and vertical number lines
4. Understanding absolute value
5. Absolute value and opposite integers
6. Quantities that combine to zero: word problems
7. Compare and order integers
8. Integer inequalities with absolute values

B. Operations with integers
1. Add integers using counters
2. Add integers using number lines
3. Integer addition rules
4. Add integers
5. Add three or more integers
6. Subtract integers using counters
7. Subtract integers using number lines
8. Integer subtraction rules
9. Subtract integers
10. Integer addition and subtraction rules
11. Add and subtract integers using counters
12. Add and subtract integers
13. Complete addition and subtraction equations with integers
14. Add and subtract integers: word problems
15. Understand multiplying by a negative integer using a number line
16. Multiply integers
17. Determine the sign of a product of integers
18. Multiply integers: find the missing factor
19. Multiply three or more integers
20. Multiply integers: word problems
21. Divide integers
22. Divisibility rules
23. Integer multiplication and division rules
24. Complete multiplication and division equations with integers
25. Integer multiplication and division: word problems

C. Decimals
1. Decimal numbers review
2. Compare and order decimals
3. Round decimals

D. Operations with decimals
1. Add and subtract decimals
2. Add and subtract decimals: word problems
3. Multiply decimals
4. Multiply decimals and whole numbers: word problems
5. Divide decimals
6. Divide decimals by whole numbers
7. Divide decimals by decimals
8. Multiply and divide decimals: word problems
9. Estimate sums, differences, products, and quotients of decimals
10. Multi-step inequalities with decimals
11. Decimal operations: word problems
12. Maps with decimal distances

E. Number theory
1. Prime factorization
2. Greatest common factor
3. Least common multiple
4. GCF and LCM: word problems

F. Fractions
1. Fractions review
2. Equivalent fractions
3. Simplify fractions
4. Convert between mixed numbers and improper fractions
5. Compare and order fractions
6. Compare and order fractions and mixed numbers
7. Compare fractions: word problems
8. Multiply fractions
9. Multiply mixed numbers
10. Divide fractions

G. Operations with fractions
1. Add and subtract fractions
2. Add and subtract fractions: word problems
3. Add and subtract mixed numbers
4. Add and subtract mixed numbers: word problems
5. Multiply fractions and whole numbers
6. Multiply two fractions
7. Multiply two fractions: word problems
8. Multiply mixed numbers
9. Multiply mixed numbers: word problems
10. Divide whole numbers by fractions
11. Divide fractions
12. Divide fractions: word problems
13. Divide mixed numbers
14. Divide mixed numbers: word problems
15. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide fractions and mixed numbers
16. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide fractions and mixed numbers: word problems
17. Maps with fractional distances
18. Evaluate numerical expressions involving fractions

H. Rational numbers
1. Rational numbers
2. Rational numbers: find the sign
3. Compare and order rational numbers
4. Absolute value of rational numbers
5. Number lines
6. Coordinate plane
7. Multiply and divide rational numbers
8. Multiply and divide rational numbers: word problems
9. Apply multiplication and division rules
10. Multi-step problems with rational numbers
11. Apply properties of multiplication and addition

I. Operations with rational numbers
1. Add and subtract positive and negative decimals
2. Add and subtract positive and negative fractions
3. Add and subtract rational numbers
4. Apply addition and subtraction rules
5. Add and subtract rational numbers: word problems
6. Complete addition and subtraction equations with rational numbers
7. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide rational numbers
8. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide rational numbers: word problems
9. Evaluate numerical expressions with rational numbers
10. Multi-step problems with rational numbers
11. Apply properties of multiplication and addition

J. Exponents
1. Powers of ten
2. Evaluate exponents
3. Identify bases and exponents
4. Powers with decimal and fractional bases
5. Exponents with negative bases
6. Evaluate numerical expressions involving exponents
7. Exponent rules
8. Multiplication with exponents
9. Division with exponents

K. Square roots
1. Estimate positive and negative square roots
2. Simplify square roots

L. Ratios, rates, and proportions
1. Write a ratio
2. Write a ratio: word problems
3. Identify equivalent ratios
4. Write an equivalent ratio
5. Ratio tables
6. Compare ratios: word problems
7. Unit rates
8. Do the ratios form a proportion?
9. Solve proportions
10. Estimate population size using proportions
11. Scale drawings: word problems
12. Rate of change
13. Constant rates of change
14. Ratios and proportions: word problems

M. Coordinate plane
1. Objects on a coordinate plane
2. Reflect a point over an axis
3. Quadrants and axes
4. Coordinate plane: word problems

N. Proportional relationships
1. Identify proportional relationships
2. Find the constant of proportionality from a table
3. Write equations for proportional relationships from tables
4. Find the constant of proportionality from a graph
5. Write equations for proportional relationships from graphs
6. Identify proportional relationships from graphs and equations
7. Graph proportional relationships
8. Find the constant of proportionality: word problems
9. Identify proportional relationships: word problems
10. Write and solve equations for proportional relationships
11. Proportional relationships: word problems

O. Percents
1. What percentage is illustrated?
2. Convert between percents, fractions, and decimals
3. Find what percent one number is of another
4. Find what percent one number is of another: word problems
5. Estimate percents of numbers
6. Percents of numbers and money amounts
7. Percents of numbers: word problems
8. Compare percents to fractions and decimals
9. Find the total given a part and a percent
10. Multi-step problems with percents
11. Percent of change
12. Percent of change: word problems
13. Percent of change: find the original amount

P. Consumer math
1. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide money amounts: word problems
2. Price lists
3. Unit prices
4. Unit prices with unit conversions
5. Unit prices: find the total price
6. Percent of a number: tax, discount, and more
7. Which is the better coupon?
8. Find the percent: tax, discount, and more
9. Sale prices: find the original price
10. Multi-step problems with percents
11. Estimate tips
12. Simple interest
13. Compound interest

Q. Units of measurement
1. Convert rates and measurements: customary units
2. Convert rates and measurements: metric units
3. Mixed customary units
4. Mixed metric units
5. Convert between metric and customary units

R. Expressions
1. Write variable expressions: one operation
2. Write variable expressions: two or three operations
3. Write variable expressions: word problems
4. Evaluate multi-variable expressions
5. Evaluate absolute value expressions
6. Evaluate variable expressions involving integers
7. Write variable expressions for arithmetic sequences
8. Identify terms and coefficients
9. Sort factors of variable expressions

S. Equivalent expressions
1. Properties of addition and multiplication
2. Multiply using the distributive property
3. Write equivalent expressions using properties
4. Add and subtract like terms
5. Add and subtract linear expressions
6. Factors of linear expressions
7. Identify equivalent linear expressions I
8. Identify equivalent linear expressions II
9. Identify equivalent expressions: word problems
10. Write equivalent expressions: word problems
11. Factor using the distributive property
12. Add linear expressions
13. Subtract linear expressions
14. Evaluate linear expressions

T. One-variable equations
1. Which x satisfies an equation?
2. Write an equation from words
3. Model and solve equations using algebra tiles
4. Write and solve equations that represent diagrams
5. Properties of equality
6. Identify equivalent equations
7. Solve one-step linear equations
8. Solve one-step equations: word problems
9. Solve two-step linear equations
10. Solve two-step equations: word problems
11. Solve multi-step equations
12. Solve equations involving like terms
13. Solve equations with variables on both sides
14. Solve equations using the distributive property
15. Equations: word problems

U. One-variable inequalities
1. Graph inequalities on number lines
2. Write inequalities from number lines
3. Solve one-step linear inequalities
4. Graph solutions to one-step inequalities
5. Solve one-step inequalities: word problems
6. Solve two-step linear inequalities
7. Graph solutions to two-step inequalities
8. Solve two-step inequalities: word problems

V. Sequences
1. Identify arithmetic and geometric sequences
2. Arithmetic sequences
3. Geometric sequences
4. Sequences: mixed review
5. Sequences: word problems
6. Evaluate variable expressions for sequences
7. Write variable expressions for arithmetic sequences

W. Slope
1. Find the slope from a graph
2. Find the slope from two points
3. Find the slope from a table
4. Find a missing coordinate using slope
5. Rate of change: tables
6. Constant rate of change: graphs
7. Direct variation
8. Identify proportional relationships by graphing

X. Two-variable equations
1. Does (x, y) satisfy the linear equation?
2. Identify independent and dependent variables
3. Find a value using two-variable equations
4. Complete a table for a two-variable relationship
5. Write a two-variable equation
6. Identify the graph of an equation
7. Graph a two-variable equation
8. Interpret a graph: word problems
9. Write an equation from a graph
10. Write a linear equation from a table

Y. Lines and angles
1. Identify and classify polygons
2. Parallel, perpendicular, and intersecting lines
3. Identify complementary, supplementary, vertical, adjacent, and congruent angles
4. Find measures of complementary, supplementary, vertical, and adjacent angles
5. Identify alternate interior and alternate exterior angles
6. Transversals of parallel lines: find angle measures
7. Find missing angles in triangles
8. Interior angles of polygons
9. Lines, line segments, and half-lines
10. Name angles

Z. Two-dimensional figures
1. Classify triangles
2. Identify and classify triangles
3. Classify quadrilaterals
4. Identify and classify quadrilaterals
5. Graph triangles and quadrilaterals
6. Find missing angles in quadrilaterals
7. Properties of parallelograms
8. Properties of rectangles
9. Proofs involving triangles I
10. Proofs involving triangles II
11. Proofs involving quadrilaterals I
12. Proofs involving quadrilaterals II
13. Circles: identify and name parts
14. Parts of a circle

AA. Three-dimensional figures
1. Three-dimensional figure names
2. Nets of three-dimensional figures
3. Front, side, and top view
4. Base plans

BB. Perimeter and area
1. Perimeter
2. Area of rectangles and squares
3. Area of triangles
4. Area of parallelograms and trapezoids
5. Area of compound figures
6. Area between two shapes
7. Area and perimeter: word problems
8. Area and circumference of circles
9. Semicircles: calculate area, perimeter, radius, and diameter
10. Circles: word problems
11. Area of sectors
12. Circumference of circles
13. Area of complex figures
14. Perimeter of polygons with an inscribed figure

CC. Surface area and volume
1. Surface area of prisms and cylinders
2. Surface area of pyramids
3. Volume of prisms and cylinders
4. Volume of pyramids and cones
5. Volume of spheres
6. Apply volume formulas
7. Perimeter, area, and volume: changes in scale
8. Volume of composite three-dimensional figures
9. Surface area and volume of similar solids

DD. Scale drawings
1. Scale drawings: word problems
2. Scale drawings: scale factor
3. Interpret scale drawings
4. Construct scale drawings

EE. Transformations
1. Identify reflections, rotations, and translations
2. Translations: graph the image
3. Translations: find the coordinates
4. Reflections: graph the image
5. Reflections: find the coordinates
6. Rotations: graph the image
7. Rotations: find the coordinates
8. Classify congruence transformations
9. Describe a sequence of transformations

FF. Congruence and similarity
1. Identify congruent figures
2. Identify similar figures
3. Side lengths and angle measures of similar figures
4. Similar triangles and indirect measurement
5. Perimeters of similar figures

GG. Data and graphs
1. Create line plots
2. Interpret line plots
3. Create and interpret line plots with fractions
4. Create frequency tables
5. Interpret frequency tables
6. Create histograms
7. Interpret histograms
8. Create and interpret histograms
9. Create stem-and-leaf plots
10. Interpret stem-and-leaf plots
11. Create and interpret box-and-whisker plots
12. Circle graphs
13. Interpret a scatter plot

HH. Statistics
1. Calculate mean, median, mode, and range
2. Interpret charts to find mean, median, mode, and range
3. Mean, median, mode, and range: find the missing number
4. Changes in mean, median, mode, and range
5. Quartiles
6. Identify an outlier
7. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
8. Make predictions
9. Scatter plots
10. Identify trends with scatter plots
11. Make predictions with scatter plots

II. Probability
1. Probability of simple events
2. Probability of simple events: word problems
3. Probability of opposite events
4. Probability of independent events
5. Probability of mutually exclusive events and overlapping events
6. Experimental probability
7. Make predictions using experimental probability
8. Compound events: find the number of outcomes
9. Identify independent and dependent events
10. Probability of independent and dependent events
11. Counting principle
12. Permutations
13. Combinations
14. Find the number of outcomes: word problems
15. Geometric probability
16. Probability of compound events
