A. Integers
1. Compare and order integers
2. Integer addition and subtraction rules
3. Add and subtract integers using counters
4. Add and subtract integers
5. Add and subtract three or more integers
6. Add and subtract integers: word problems
7. Integer multiplication and division rules
8. Multiply and divide integers
9. Evaluate numerical expressions involving integers

B. Rational numbers
1. Convert between repeating decimals and fractions
2. Convert between decimals and fractions or mixed numbers
3. Compare rational numbers
4. Put rational numbers in order
5. Reciprocals and multiplicative inverses
6. Add and subtract rational numbers
7. Add and subtract rational numbers: word problems
8. Apply addition and subtraction rules
9. Multiply and divide rational numbers
10. Multiply and divide rational numbers: word problems
11. Apply multiplication and division rules
12. Apply addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division rules
13. Evaluate numerical expressions involving rational numbers
14. Multi-step word problems

C. Exponents
1. Understanding exponents
2. Evaluate powers
3. Solve equations with variable exponents
4. Powers with negative bases
5. Powers with decimal and fractional bases
6. Understanding negative exponents
7. Evaluate powers with negative exponents
8. Evaluate powers with negative or zero exponents
9. Multiply powers: integer bases
10. Divide powers: integer bases
11. Multiply and divide powers: integer bases
12. Power of a power: integer bases
13. Evaluate expressions using properties of exponents
14. Identify equivalent expressions involving exponents I
15. Identify equivalent expressions involving exponents II
16. Multiply powers: variable bases
17. Divide powers: variable bases
18. Multiply and divide powers: variable bases
19. Powers of a power: variable bases

D. Scientific notation
1. Convert between standard and scientific notation
2. Scientific notation on calculators
3. Compare numbers written in scientific notation
4. Add and subtract numbers written in scientific notation
5. Multiply numbers written in scientific notation
6. Divide numbers written in scientific notation

E. Square roots and cube roots
1. Square roots of perfect squares
2. Estimate positive square roots
3. Positive and negative square roots
4. Estimate positive and negative square roots
5. Relationship between squares and square roots
6. Solve equations using square roots
7. Cube roots of positive perfect cubes
8. Cube roots of positive and negative perfect cubes
9. Solve equations using cube roots
10. Estimate cube roots

F. Rational and irrational numbers
1. Identify rational and irrational square roots
2. Identify rational and irrational numbers
3. Classify numbers
4. Irrational numbers on number lines
5. Compare and order rational and irrational numbers

G. Proportions
1. Solve proportions
2. Solve proportions: word problems
3. Estimate population size using proportions
4. Scale drawings: word problems
5. Scale drawings: scale factor word problems

H. Percents
1. Convert between percents, fractions, and decimals
2. Compare percents to fractions and decimals
3. Find what percent one number is of another
4. Find what percent one number is of another: word problems
5. Estimate percents of numbers
6. Percents of numbers and money amounts
7. Percents of numbers: word problems
8. Compare percents of numbers
9. Solve percent equations
10. Percent of change
11. Percent of change: word problems
12. Percent of change: find the original amount word problems

I. Consumer math
1. Price lists
2. Unit prices
3. Unit prices with unit conversions
4. Unit prices: find the total price
5. Percent of a number: tax, discount, and more
6. Find the percent: tax, discount, and more
7. Sale prices: find the original price
8. Multi-step problems with percents
9. Estimate tips
10. Simple interest
11. Compound interest

J. Units of measurement
1. Convert rates and measurements: customary units
2. Convert rates and measurements: metric units
3. Mixed customary units
4. Convert between customary and metric systems
5. Convert between Celsius and Fahrenheit

K. Expressions
1. Write variable expressions: one operation
2. Write variable expressions: two or three operations
3. Write variable expressions from diagrams
4. Write variable expressions: word problems
5. Evaluate one-variable expressions
6. Evaluate multi-variable expressions
7. Evaluate absolute value expressions
8. Evaluate radical expressions
9. Evaluate rational expressions
10. Identify terms and coefficients
11. Sort factors of variable expressions

L. Equivalent expressions
1. Properties of addition and multiplication
2. Multiply using the distributive property
3. Write equivalent expressions using properties
4. Add and subtract like terms
5. Add and subtract linear expressions
6. Factors of linear expressions
7. Identify equivalent linear expressions I
8. Identify equivalent linear expressions II
9. Identify equivalent linear expressions: word problems

M. One-variable equations
1. Which x satisfies an equation?
2. Write an equation from words
3. Model and solve equations using algebra tiles
4. Write and solve equations that represent diagrams
5. Properties of equality
6. Identify equivalent equations
7. Solve one-step equations
8. Solve two-step equations
9. Solve two-step equations: complete the solution
10. Solve one-step and two-step equations: word problems
11. Solve equations involving like terms
12. Solve equations with variables on both sides
13. Solve equations with variables on both sides: fractional coefficients
14. Solve equations with variables on both sides: word problems
15. Solve equations using the distributive property
16. Solve multi-step equations
17. Solve multi-step equations with fractional coefficients
18. Solve equations: mixed review
19. Solve multi-step equations: complete the solution
20. Find the number of solutions
21. Create equations with no solutions or infinitely many solutions

N. One-variable inequalities
1. Solutions to inequalities
2. Graph inequalities on number lines
3. Write inequalities from number lines
4. Solve one-step inequalities
5. Graph solutions to one-step inequalities
6. Solve two-step inequalities
7. Graph solutions to two-step inequalities
8. Solve multi-step inequalities
9. Graph solutions to multi-step inequalities
10. Solve inequalities with integers: variables on both sides
11. Solve inequalities with decimals: variables on both sides

O. Coordinate plane
1. Coordinate plane review
2. Quadrants and axes
3. Follow directions on a coordinate plane
4. Find the distance between two points

P. Lines and angles
1. Identify complementary, supplementary, vertical, adjacent, and congruent angles
2. Find measures of complementary, supplementary, vertical, and adjacent angles
3. Transversals: identify angle pairs
4. Transversals of parallel lines: find angle measures
5. Find missing angles in triangles and quadrilaterals
6. Exterior Angle Theorem
7. Exterior Angle Theorem: solve for x
8. Triangle Angle-Sum Theorem

Q. Two-dimensional figures
1. Classify polygons
2. Identify and classify polygons
3. Classify triangles
4. Identify and classify triangles
5. Classify quadrilaterals
6. Identify and classify quadrilaterals
7. Graph triangles and quadrilaterals
8. Find missing angles in quadrilaterals
9. Interior angles of polygons
10. Lines, line segments, and half-lines
11. Name angles
12. Identify complementary and supplementary angles
13. Proofs involving angles
14. Proofs involving parallel lines

R. Transformations and congruence
1. Identify reflections, rotations, and translations
2. Translations: graph the image
3. Translations: find the coordinates
4. Translations: write the rule
5. Reflections: graph the image
6. Reflections: find the coordinates
7. Rotations: graph the image
8. Rotations: find the coordinates
9. Classify congruence transformations
10. Describe a sequence of transformations
11. Describe a sequence of rigid transformations: graph
12. Compositions of congruence transformations: graph
13. Identify congruent figures
14. SSS and SAS Theorems
15. Proving triangles congruent by SSS and SAS
16. ASA and AAS Theorems
17. Proving triangles congruent by ASA and AAS
18. Congruency in isoceles and equilateral triangles
19. Hypotenuse-Leg Theorem

S. Transformations and similarity
1. Dilations: graph the image
2. Dilations: find the coordinates
3. Dilations: scale factor and classification
4. Dilations and scale factors
5. Identify similar figures
6. Ratios in similar figures
7. Side lengths and angle measures of similar figures
8. Similar triangles and indirect measurement
9. Perimeters of similar figures
10. Areas of similar figures
11. Identify a sequence of transformations

T. Pythagorean theorem
1. Pythagorean theorem: find the length of the hypotenuse
2. Pythagorean theorem: find the missing leg length
3. Pythagorean theorem: find the perimeter
4. Pythagorean theorem: word problems
5. Converse of the Pythagorean theorem: is it a right triangle?
6. Pythagorean theorem in three dimensions

U. Three-dimensional figures
1. Three-dimensional figure names
2. Nets of three-dimensional figures
3. Front, side, and top view
4. Base plans

V. Perimeter and area
1. Perimeter
2. Area of rectangles and parallelograms
3. Area of triangles and trapezoids
4. Area of complex figures
5. Area between two shapes
6. Semicircles: calculate area, perimeter, radius, and diameter
7. Area and circumference of circles
8. Area of complex figures with triangles and circles

W. Surface area and volume
1. Surface area of prisms and cylinders
2. Surface area of pyramids
3. Volume of prisms and cylinders
4. Volume of pyramids and cones
5. Volume of spheres
6. Volume and surface area of similar solids
7. Apply volume formulas
8. Perimeter, area, and volume: changes in scale
9. Volume of composite three-dimensional figures

X. Proportional relationships
1. Find the constant of proportionality from a table
2. Find the constant of proportionality from a graph
3. Find the constant of proportionality from an equation
4. Find the constant of proportionality: word problems
5. Write equations for proportional relationships from tables
6. Write equations for proportional relationships from graphs
7. Write equations for proportional relationships
8. Identify proportional relationships from graphs and equations
9. Identify proportional relationships by graphing
10. Graph proportional relationships and find the slope
11. Interpret a graph: word problems
12. Write and solve equations for proportional relationships

Y. Direct variation
1. Identify direct variation
2. Find the constant of variation
3. Graph a proportional relationship
4. Write direct variation equations

Z. Slope
1. Find the slope from a graph
2. Find the slope from two points
3. Find the slope from a table
4. Find a missing coordinate using slope
5. Rate of change: tables

AA. Linear equations
1. Slope-intercept form: graph an equation
2. Slope-intercept form: write an equation from a graph
3. Slope-intercept form: write an equation
4. Slope-intercept form: write an equation from a table
5. Slope-intercept form: write an equation from two points
6. Linear equations: solve for y
7. Write linear equations to solve word problems
8. Write linear equations: word problems
9. Point-slope form: graph an equation
10. Point-slope form: write an equation
11. Point-slope form: write an equation from a table
12. Slopes of parallel and perpendicular lines
13. Write an equation for a parallel or perpendicular line
14. Equations of lines

BB. Function concepts
1. Identify functions
2. Identify functions: graphs
3. Identify independent and dependent variables
4. Complete a function table from an equation
5. Interpret a function: word problems
6. Evaluate a function from its graph

CC. Linear functions
1. Identify linear functions from graphs and equations
2. Find values using function graphs
3. Evaluate a linear function
4. Complete a function table: linear functions
5. Write a rule for a function table
6. Interpret the graph of a function: word problems
7. Write linear functions
8. Write linear functions: word problems
9. Linear functions over unit intervals
10. Compare linear functions: graphs, tables, and equations
11. Identify linear and nonlinear functions
12. Graph a linear function

DD. Nonlinear functions
1. Identify linear and nonlinear functions: graphs and equations
2. Complete a function table: quadratic functions
3. Complete a function table: absolute value functions
4. Graph nonlinear functions

EE. Interpret functions
1. Identify functions: vertical line test
2. Find the slope and y-intercept of a linear function
3. Identify a function from a table

FF. Sequences
1. Identify arithmetic and geometric sequences
2. Arithmetic sequences
3. Geometric sequences
4. Sequences: mixed review
5. Sequences: word problems
6. Evaluate variable expressions for sequences
7. Write variable expressions for arithmetic sequences

GG. Systems of equations
1. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of equations?
2. Solve a system of equations by graphing
3. Solve a system of equations by graphing: word problems
4. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations by graphing
5. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations
6. Classify a system of equations by graphing
7. Solve a system of equations using substitution
8. Solve a system of equations using substitution: word problems
9. Solve a system of equations using elimination
10. Solve a system of equations using elimination: word problems
11. Solve a system of equations using any method
12. Solve a system of equations using any method: word problems
13. Find the number of solutions to a system of equations: word problems

HH. One-variable statistics
1. Calculate mean, median, mode, and range
2. Interpret charts to find mean, median, mode, and range
3. Mean, median, mode, and range: find the missing number
4. Changes in mean, median, mode, and range
5. Quartiles
6. Identify an outlier
7. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
8. Dot plots
9. Box plots

II. Two-variable statistics
1. Scatter plots
2. Identify trends with scatter plots
3. Outliers in scatter plots
4. Make predictions with scatter plots
5. Scatter plot correlation coefficients
6. Find the line of best fit
7. Interpret regression lines
8. Analyze a regression line of a data set
9. Find the equation of a regression line
10. Interpret measures of center and variability for data distributions
11. Interpret a scatter plot

JJ. Probability
1. Probability of simple events
2. Probability of opposite, mutually exclusive, and overlapping events
3. Compound events: find the number of outcomes
4. Identify independent and dependent events
5. Probability of independent and dependent events
6. Counting principle
7. Permutations
8. Combinations
9. Permutations and combinations: find the count
10. Find probabilities using permutations and combinations
