A. Add and subtract whole numbers
1. Add and subtract whole numbers
2. Add and subtract whole numbers: word problems

B. Multiply whole numbers
1. Multiply whole numbers
2. Multiply whole numbers: word problems
3. Multiply numbers ending in zeros
4. Multiply numbers ending in zeros: word problems
5. Estimate products

C. Divide whole numbers
1. Divide whole numbers
2. Divide numbers ending in zeros
3. Divide numbers ending in zeros: word problems
4. Estimate quotients
5. Divide greater numbers
6. Divide by a 2-digit number
7. Divide whole numbers: word problems

D. Exponents
1. Write multiplication expressions using exponents
2. Evaluate powers with whole number bases
3. Write powers of ten with exponents
4. Find the missing exponent or base
5. Exponent rules
6. Order of operations with exponents
7. Evaluate powers with whole number, decimal, and fractional bases

E. Mixed operations: whole numbers
1. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two whole numbers
2. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two whole numbers: word problems
3. Estimate to solve word problems
4. Multi-step word problems
5. Multi-step word problems: identify reasonable answers
6. Evaluate numerical expressions one step at a time
7. Evaluate numerical expressions involving whole numbers
8. Identify mistakes involving the order of operations

F. Number theory
1. Prime or composite
2. Identify factors
3. Find all the factor pairs of a number
4. Prime factorization
5. Prime factorization with exponents
6. Greatest common factor
7. Least common multiple
8. GCF and LCM: word problems
9. Divisibility rules
10. Divisibility rules: word problems
11. Sort factors of numerical expressions

G. Fractions and decimals
1. Fractions and mixed numbers review
2. Equivalent fractions
3. Convert between improper fractions and mixed numbers
4. Convert fractions to decimals
5. Convert decimals to fractions
6. Convert between fractions and repeating decimals
7. Convert between decimals and fractions
8. Convert between decimals and mixed numbers
9. Put a mix of decimals and fractions in order
10. Put a mix of decimals, fractions, and mixed numbers in order
11. Understand fractions as division: word problems

H. Add and subtract decimals
1. Add and subtract decimal numbers
2. Add and subtract decimals: word problems
3. Add and subtract money amounts: word problems
4. Complete the decimal addition or subtraction sentence
5. Estimate sums and differences of decimals
6. Maps with decimal distances

I. Multiply and divide decimals
1. Estimate products of decimal numbers
2. Multiply two decimals: where does the decimal point go?
3. Multiply decimals
4. Inequalities with decimal multiplication
5. Divide decimals by whole numbers
6. Divide decimals by whole numbers: word problems
7. Multiply and divide decimals by powers of ten
8. Estimate decimal quotients
9. Divide decimals
10. Divide by decimals
11. Multiply and divide decimals: word problems

J. Mixed operations: decimals
1. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two decimals
2. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two decimals: word problems
3. Evaluate numerical expressions involving decimals

K. Add and subtract fractions
1. Add fractions with unlike denominators
2. Subtract fractions with unlike denominators
3. Add and subtract fractions with unlike denominators
4. Add and subtract fractions with unlike denominators: word problems
5. Add mixed numbers with unlike denominators
6. Subtract mixed numbers with unlike denominators
7. Add and subtract mixed numbers: word problems
8. Estimate sums and differences of mixed numbers

L. Multiply fractions
1. Fractions of a number
2. Fractions of a number: word problems
3. Multiply fractions by whole numbers
4. Multiply fractions by whole numbers: word problems
5. Multiply fractions
6. Multiply fractions: word problems
7. Multiply mixed numbers
8. Multiply mixed numbers: word problems
9. Scaling whole numbers by fractions: justify your answer
10. Scaling by fractions and mixed numbers

M. Divide fractions
1. Reciprocals
2. Divide unit fractions by whole numbers
3. Divide whole numbers by unit fractions
4. Divide fractions
5. Divide fractions: word problems
6. Divide mixed numbers
7. Divide mixed numbers: word problems

N. Mixed operations: fractions
1. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two fractions
2. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two fractions: word problems

O. Integers
1. Understanding integers
2. Integers on number lines
3. Graph integers on horizontal and vertical number lines
4. Understanding opposite integers
5. Understanding absolute value
6. Absolute value
7. Compare integers
8. Put integers in order
9. Integer inequalities with absolute values
10. Absolute value and integers: word problems

P. Operations with integers
1. Add integers using counters
2. Add integers using number lines
3. Add integers
4. Subtract integers using counters
5. Subtract integers using number lines
6. Subtract integers
7. Add and subtract integers: find the sign
8. Add and subtract integers: word problems
9. Add and subtract integers: input/output tables
10. Add three or more integers
11. Understand multiplying by a negative integer using a number line
12. Multiply integers: find the sign
13. Multiply integers
14. Divide integers: find the sign
15. Divide integers
16. Add, subtract, multiply, or divide two integers
17. Evaluate numerical expressions involving integers

Q. Rational numbers
1. Rational numbers on number lines
2. Rational numbers: equal or not equal
3. Compare and order rational numbers using number lines
4. Compare rational numbers
5. Put rational numbers in order
6. Graph rational numbers on number lines
7. Opposites of rational numbers
8. Absolute value of rational numbers
9. Rational numbers: find the sign
10. Classify rational numbers using a diagram
11. Classify numbers

R. Coordinate plane
1. Describe the coordinate plane
2. Objects on a coordinate plane
3. Graph points on a coordinate plane

S. Ratios and rates
1. Understanding ratios
2. Write a ratio: word problems
3. Ratio tables
4. Equivalent ratios
5. Write an equivalent ratio
6. Equivalent ratios: word problems
7. Compare ratios
8. Compare ratios: word problems
9. Unit rates
10. Equivalent ratios: word problems
11. Unit rates
12. Rates: word problems
13. Calculate speed, distance, or time: word problems
14. Ratios and rates: complete a table and make a graph
15. Identify proportional relationships
16. Find the constant of proportionality from a graph
17. Find the constant of proportionality from a table
18. Find the constant of proportionality
19. Do the ratios form a proportion?
20. Solve the proportion
21. Scale drawings: word problems

T. Proportional relationships
1. Identify proportional relationships
2. Find the constant of proportionality
3. Write equations for proportional relationships from tables
4. Graph proportional relationships
5. Interpret graphs of proportional relationships
6. Proportional relationships: word problems
7. Write and solve proportions
8. Proportional relationships and graphs

U. Percents
1. What percentage is illustrated?
2. Benchmark percents with strip models
3. Convert between percents, fractions, and decimals
4. Compare percents to fractions and decimals
5. Put percents, fractions, and decimals in order
6. Percent of a number

V. Percents of numbers
1. Estimate percents of numbers
2. Solve percent problems using grid models
3. Solve percent problems using strip models
4. Percents of numbers and money amounts
5. Percents of numbers: word problems
6. Percents of numbers: fractional and decimal percents
7. Find what percent one number is of another
8. Find what percent one number is of another: word problems
9. Find the total given a part and a percent
10. Solve percent problems
11. Solve percent word problems

W. Units of measurement
1. Estimate customary measurements
2. Estimate metric measurements
3. Convert and compare customary units
4. Convert, compare, add, and subtract mixed customary units
5. Multiply and divide mixed customary units
6. Customary unit conversions involving fractions and mixed numbers
7. Convert and compare metric units
8. Convert metric units involving decimals
9. Convert between customary and metric systems
10. Compare temperatures above and below zero
11. Convert between Celsius and Fahrenheit

X. Consumer math
1. Which is the better coupon?
2. Unit prices
3. Unit prices with fractions and decimals
4. Markups and discounts
5. Discounts and total prices: find the original price
6. Sale prices: find the original price
7. Percents - calculate tax, tip, mark-up, and more
8. Simple interest

Y. Expressions
1. Write variable expressions: one operation
2. Write variable expressions: two operations
3. Write variable expressions: word problems
4. Evaluate variable expressions with whole numbers
5. Evaluate multi-variable expressions
6. Evaluate variable expressions with decimals, fractions, and mixed numbers
7. Evaluate variable expressions: word problems
8. Identify terms and coefficients
9. Sort factors of variable expressions

Z. Equivalent expressions
1. Identify equivalent expressions using strip models
2. Properties of addition
3. Properties of multiplication
4. Multiply using the distributive property: area models
5. Multiply using the distributive property
6. Expand variable expressions using the distributive property
7. Factor numerical expressions using the distributive property
8. Factor variable expressions using the distributive property
9. Solve for a variable using properties of multiplication
10. Write equivalent expressions using properties
11. Add and subtract like terms
12. Identify equivalent expressions I
13. Identify equivalent expressions II

AA. One-variable equations
1. Does x satisfy an equation?
2. Which x satisfies an equation?
3. Write an equation from words
4. Identify expressions and equations
5. Write a two-step equation
6. Solve equations using mental math
7. Write and solve equations that represent diagrams
8. Solve one-step addition and subtraction equations with whole numbers
9. Solve one-step multiplication and division equations with whole numbers
10. Solve one-step equations with whole numbers
11. Solve one-step addition and subtraction equations with decimals and fractions
12. Solve one-step multiplication and division equations with decimals and fractions
13. Solve one-step equations with decimals and fractions
14. Solve one-step addition and subtraction equations: word problems
15. Solve one-step multiplication and division equations: word problems
16. Write a one-step equation: word problems
17. Solve one-step equations: word problems

BB. One-variable inequalities
1. Solutions to inequalities
2. Graph inequalities on number lines
3. Write inequalities from number lines
4. Write and graph inequalities: word problems
5. Solve one-step inequalities
6. Graph solutions to one-step inequalities

CC. Two-variable equations
1. Identify independent and dependent variables
2. Write equations with two variables
3. Complete a table for a two-variable relationship
4. Write a two-variable equation from a table
5. Graph a two-variable relationship
6. Two-variable equations: word problems

DD. Lines and angles
1. Lines, line segments, and rays
2. Measure and classify angles
3. Estimate angle measurements
4. Adjacent angles
5. Complementary and supplementary angles
6. Identify complementary, supplementary, vertical, adjacent, and congruent angles
7. Find missing angles using properties
8. Transversals

EE. Two-dimensional figures
1. Identify and classify polygons
2. Classify triangles
3. Triangle inequality
4. Classify quadrilaterals
5. Properties of parallelograms
6. Identify similar figures
7. Congruent figures
8. Reflections, translations, and rotations

FF. Three-dimensional figures
1. Identify three-dimensional figures
2. Nets of three-dimensional figures
3. Match nets to three-dimensional figures
4. Front, side, and top view

GG. Perimeter and area
1. Perimeter
2. Area of rectangles and squares
3. Understanding area of a parallelogram
4. Area of parallelograms
5. Understanding area of a triangle
6. Area of triangles
7. Understanding area of a trapezoid
8. Area of trapezoids
9. Area of compound figures
10. Area and perimeter: word problems

HH. Surface area and volume
1. Volume of cubes and rectangular prisms
2. Volume of cubes and rectangular prisms with fractional side lengths
3. Volume of cubes and rectangular prisms: word problems
4. Surface area of cubes and rectangular prisms
5. Surface area of triangular prisms
6. Surface area using nets

II. Data and graphs
1. Interpret line plots
2. Create line plots
3. Interpret frequency tables
4. Create frequency tables
5. Interpret categorical data
6. Create relative frequency tables
7. Create bar graphs
8. Create percent bar graphs
9. Interpret bar graphs
10. Create double bar graphs
11. Interpret double bar graphs
12. Create histograms
13. Interpret histograms
14. Interpret circle graphs
15. Create line graphs
16. Interpret line graphs
17. Create double line graphs
18. Interpret double line graphs

JJ. Statistics
1. Identify statistical questions
2. Calculate mean, median, mode, and range
3. Mean, median, mode, and range: find the missing number
4. Changes in mean, median, mode, and range
5. Interpret dot plots
6. Create dot plots
7. Calculate quartiles and interquartile range
8. Identify an outlier
9. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
10. Interpret measures of center and variability
11. Describe distributions in line plots
12. Choose appropriate measures of center and variation
13. Identify representative, random, and biased samples

KK. Probability
1. Sample spaces of simple events
2. Counting principle
3. Probability of one event
4. Make predictions
5. Probability of simple events and opposite events

LL. Financial literacy
1. Compare checking accounts
2. Check registers
3. Debit cards and credit cards
4. Credit reports
5. Paying for college
6. Occupations, education, and income
