A. Whole numbers and place value
1. Convert between standard and expanded form
2. Place value
3. Relationship between place values
4. Write numbers in words
5. Spell word names for numbers up to one million
6. Round numbers
7. Round numbers: word problems

B. Addition and subtraction
1. Estimate sums and differences of whole numbers
2. Estimate sums and differences: word problems
3. Add and subtract whole numbers
4. Add and subtract whole numbers: word problems
5. Complete addition and subtraction sentences
6. Properties of addition
7. Add using properties

C. Powers of ten
1. Understanding powers of ten
2. Evaluate powers of ten

D. Multiplication
1. Multiplication patterns over increasing place values
2. Multiply numbers ending in zeros
3. Multiply numbers ending in zeros: word problems
4. Multiply a whole number by a power of ten
5. Estimate products
6. Multiply by 1-digit numbers
7. Multiply by 1-digit numbers: word problems
8. Multiply by 2-digit numbers: complete the missing steps
9. Multiply by 2-digit numbers
10. Multiply by 2-digit numbers: word problems
11. Complete multiplication sentences
12. Multiply by 3-digit numbers
13. Properties of multiplication
14. Multiply using properties

E. Division
1. Division patterns over increasing place values
2. Estimate quotients: 1-digit divisors
3. Estimate quotients: 2-digit divisors
4. Divide numbers ending in zeros
5. Divide numbers ending in zeros: word problems
6. Divide by 1-digit numbers
7. Divide by 1-digit numbers: word problems
8. Divide by 2-digit numbers using models
9. Divide by 2-digit numbers using partial quotients
10. Divide 2-digit and 3-digit numbers by 2-digit numbers
11. Divide greater numbers by 2-digit numbers
12. Divide by 2-digit numbers: word problems
13. Relate multiplication and division
14. Complete the division sentence: 2-digit divisors

F. Factors, multiples, and divisibility
1. Identify factors
2. Identify multiples
3. Prime and composite numbers
4. Prime factorization
5. Divisibility rules
6. Divisibility rules: word problems

G. Mixed operations: whole numbers
1. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide whole numbers
2. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide whole numbers: word problems

H. Numerical expressions
1. Write numerical expressions: one operation
2. Write numerical expressions: two operations
3. Evaluate numerical expressions
4. Evaluate numerical expressions using order of operations
5. Evaluate numerical expressions with parentheses and brackets
6. Identify mistakes involving the order of operations
7. Evaluate numerical expressions with parentheses in different places
8. Evaluate numerical expressions with fractions
9. Numerical operations: find the missing sign
10. Comparison statements with numerical expressions
11. Make the largest possible quotient

I. Multi-step word problems
1. Multi-step word problems
2. Multi-step word problems: identify reasonable answers
3. Solve multi-step word problems using guess-and-check
4. Find the answer from a table

J. Fractions and mixed numbers
1. Fractions review
2. Equivalent fractions
3. Simplest form
4. Convert between mixed numbers and improper fractions
5. Compare fractions using benchmarks
6. Compare fractions
7. Order fractions
8. Fractions on number lines
9. Mixed numbers on number lines

K. Compare fractions
1. Compare fractions using benchmarks
2. Compare fractions with like numerators or denominators
3. Compare fractions
4. Order fractions
5. Order mixed numbers
6. Compare mixed numbers
7. Compare fractions: word problems

L. Add and subtract fractions
1. Add fractions with like denominators
2. Subtract fractions with like denominators
3. Add fractions with unlike denominators
4. Subtract fractions with unlike denominators
5. Add and subtract fractions with unlike denominators
6. Add and subtract fractions with unlike denominators: word problems
7. Add 3 or more fractions
8. Add 3 or more fractions: word problems
9. Complete addition and subtraction sentences with fractions
10. Estimate sums and differences of fractions

M. Add and subtract mixed numbers
1. Estimate sums and differences of mixed numbers
2. Add and subtract mixed numbers with unlike denominators: without regrouping
3. Add mixed numbers with unlike denominators
4. Subtract mixed numbers with unlike denominators
5. Add and subtract mixed numbers
6. Add and subtract mixed numbers: word problems
7. Regrouping to subtract mixed numbers
8. Add and subtract mixed numbers: multi-step word problems
9. Complete addition and subtraction sentences with mixed numbers
10. Compare sums and differences of mixed numbers

N. Understand fraction multiplication
1. Understand fraction multiplication as repeated addition
2. Fractions as products using area models
3. Multiply fractions by whole numbers using number lines
4. Multiples of fractions: find the missing numbers
5. Multiples of fractions
6. Multiply fractions by whole numbers using models

O. Multiply fractions and whole numbers
1. Multiply fractions by whole numbers
2. Multiply fractions by whole numbers: word problems
3. Multiply fractions and whole numbers: sorting
4. Fractions of a number I
5. Fractions of a number: word problems
6. Fractions of a number II
7. Multiply whole numbers by fractions

P. Multiply fractions
1. Multiply two fractions
2. Multiply two fractions: word problems
3. Multiply fractions and mixed numbers
4. Multiply two mixed numbers
5. Multiply two mixed numbers: word problems
6. Area of a rectangle with fractional sides
7. Multiply fractions to find area

Q. Understand multiplication with mixed numbers
1. Multiply whole numbers and mixed numbers
2. Multiply mixed numbers using models
3. Scaling: understand how factors affect products

R. Multiply mixed numbers
1. Multiply mixed numbers
2. Multiply mixed numbers: word problems
3. Multiply three or more fractions and whole numbers

S. Scaling by fractions
1. Scaling whole numbers by fractions
2. Scaling fractions by fractions
3. Compare factors and products

T. Understand fraction division
1. Relate division and fractions
2. Understand fractions as division: word problems
3. Divide unit fractions using area models
4. Divide whole numbers using unit fraction models
5. Determine the division equation from a model
6. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers: complete the equation
7. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers using area models
8. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers using number lines

U. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers
1. Divide unit fractions by whole numbers
2. Divide whole numbers by unit fractions
3. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers
4. Divide unit fractions and whole numbers: word problems

V. Mixed operations: fractions
1. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide fractions and mixed numbers
2. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide fractions and mixed numbers: word problems
3. Multi-step word problems with fractions and mixed numbers

W. Decimal place value
1. Decimal place value
2. Identify decimal places
3. Read and write decimals
4. Convert between standard and expanded form for decimals
5. Decimal place value: write numbers in words
6. Compare decimals using models
7. Compare decimals
8. Order decimals
9. Round decimals
10. Decimal number lines

X. Compare decimals
1. Compare decimals using models
2. Compare decimals using number lines
3. Compare decimals using place value
4. Compare decimal numbers
5. Put decimal numbers in order
6. Compare, order, and round decimals: word problems

Y. Convert between decimals and fractions
1. Model decimals and fractions
2. Convert fractions to decimals
3. Convert mixed numbers to decimals
4. Convert decimals to fractions
5. Convert decimals to mixed numbers

Z. Compare decimals and fractions
1. Compare decimals and fractions on number lines
2. Compare decimals and fractions
3. Put a mix of decimals and fractions in order
4. Put a mix of decimals, fractions, and mixed numbers in order

AA. Add and subtract decimals
1. Add decimal numbers using blocks
2. Add decimal numbers
3. Use properties to add three decimals
4. Subtract decimal numbers using blocks
5. Subtract decimal numbers
6. Add and subtract decimal numbers
7. Use compensation to add and subtract decimals
8. Add and subtract decimals: word problems
9. Choose decimals with a particular sum or difference
10. Complete the decimal addition or subtraction sentence
11. Compare sums and differences of decimals
12. Number sequences involving decimals
13. Estimate sums and differences of decimals using rounding
14. Estimate sums and differences of decimals using benchmarks

BB. Multiply decimals by powers of ten
1. Multiply a decimal by a power of ten
2. Multiply a decimal by a power of ten: with exponents
3. Multiply by 0.1 or 0.01
4. Multiply by a power of ten with decimals: find the missing number

CC. Multiply decimals by whole numbers
1. Estimate products of whole numbers and decimals
2. Multiply a decimal by a one-digit whole number: tenths or hundredths
3. Multiply a decimal by a one-digit whole number using area models
4. Multiply a decimal by a multi-digit whole number using place value
5. Multiply a decimal by a one-digit whole number
6. Multiply a decimal by a two-digit whole number using area models
7. Multiply a decimal by a multi-digit whole number
8. Multiply decimals and whole numbers: word problems

DD. Multiply decimals
1. Estimate products of decimals
2. Multiply decimals less than one using grids
3. Multiply decimals using grids
4. Multiply two decimals: where does the decimal point go?
5. Multiply two decimals: tenths
6. Multiply two decimals: hundredths
7. Multiply two decimals: products up to thousandths
8. Decimal multiplication: compare products up to hundredths

EE. Divide decimals by powers of ten
1. Divide by powers of ten
2. Decimal division patterns over increasing place values
3. Divide by a power of ten: with exponents
4. Multiply and divide by a power of ten: with exponents
5. Divide by a power of ten with decimals: find the missing number
6. Divide by 0.1 or 0.01

FF. Divide decimals
1. Estimate decimal quotients
2. Divide decimals using blocks: complete the equation
3. Divide decimals by whole numbers using models
4. Divide decimals by whole numbers
5. Divide decimals by whole numbers without adding zeros
6. Division with decimal quotients
7. Division with decimal quotients and rounding
8. Division with decimal quotients: word problems
9. Divide by decimals using place value
10. Divide by decimals without adding zeros
11. Divide by decimals

GG. Mixed operations: decimals
1. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide decimals
2. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide decimals: word problems
3. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide decimals: multi-step word problems
4. Equations with mixed operations: true or false

HH. Money and time
1. Add and subtract money amounts
2. Add and subtract money: word problems
3. Add and subtract money: multi-step word problems
4. Multiply money amounts
5. Multiply money amounts: word problems
6. Multiply money amounts: multi-step word problems
7. Divide money amounts
8. Divide money amounts: word problems
9. Price lists
10. Unit prices
11. Find the number of each type of coin
12. Convert time units

II. Number patterns
1. Identify an arithmetic pattern
2. Continue an arithmetic pattern
3. Identify a geometric pattern
4. Complete a multiplication number pattern
5. Number patterns: word problems
6. Number patterns: mixed review

JJ. Coordinate plane
1. Describe the coordinate plane
2. Objects on a coordinate plane
3. Graph points on a coordinate plane
4. Graph triangles and quadrilaterals
5. Graph points from a table

KK. Variable expressions
1. Write variable expressions
2. Write variable expressions: word problems
3. Evaluate variable expressions
4. Write variable equations: word problems
5. Find a value using two-variable equations
6. Complete a table for a two-variable relationship
7. Complete a table from a graph
8. Graph patterns using rules
9. Graph a two-variable relationship
10. Write a two-variable equation

LL. Data and graphs
1. Interpret line plots with whole numbers
2. Create line plots with decimals
3. Interpret line plots with decimals
4. Line plots: word problems
5. Create line graphs
6. Interpret line graphs
7. Create bar graphs
8. Interpret bar graphs
9. Interpret bar graphs: multi-step problems
10. Create frequency tables
11. Create stem-and-leaf plots
12. Interpret stem-and-leaf plots
13. Circle graphs
14. Choose the best type of graph
15. Create scatter plots
16. Interpret scatter plots
17. Predictions and trends in scatter plots

MM. Statistics
1. Find the mode
2. Find the mean
3. Find the median
4. Find the range
5. Mean: find the missing number
6. Median: find the missing number
7. Range: find the missing number
8. Interpret charts and graphs to find the mode
9. Interpret charts and graphs to find the mean
10. Interpret charts and graphs to find the median
11. Interpret charts and graphs to find the range

NN. Triangles
1. Identify triangles
2. Classify triangles
3. Angles of a triangle
4. Find missing angles in triangles
5. Find side lengths and angle measures
6. Triangle inequality

OO. Quadrilaterals
1. Identify quadrilaterals
2. Classify quadrilaterals
3. Properties of parallelograms
4. Properties of rectangles
5. Properties of rhombuses
6. Properties of squares
7. Pick all the names for a quadrilateral
8. Draw quadrilaterals

PP. Polygons
1. Identify polygons
2. Classify polygons
3. Interior angles of polygons
4. Find missing angles in polygons
5. Congruent figures
6. Similar figures
7. Line symmetry
8. Rotational symmetry

QQ. Area
1. Area of squares and rectangles
2. Area of rectangles with fractions
3. Area of rectangles with fractions and mixed numbers
4. Area of compound figures
5. Area between two rectangles
6. Area of figures on grids
7. Area and perimeter of rectangles with decimals

RR. Volume
1. Understand volume of solid figures
2. Count unit cubes in rectangular prisms
3. Volume of rectangular prisms
4. Volume of rectangular prisms with fractional side lengths
5. Volume of rectangular prisms: word problems
6. Volume of irregular figures
7. Volume of compound figures
8. Compare and apply cubic units

SS. Financial literacy
1. Income and payroll taxes: understanding pay stubs
2. Income and payroll taxes: word problems
3. Sales and property taxes: word problems
4. Identify types of taxes
5. Understand gross and net income
6. Calculate gross and net income
7. Identify advantages and disadvantages of payment methods
8. Evaluate payment methods
9. Reading financial records
10. Keeping financial records
11. Balance a budget
