A. Function concepts
1. Domain and range
2. Identify functions
3. Evaluate functions
4. Find values using function graphs
5. Complete a table for a function graph
6. Identify graphs: word problems
7. Add, subtract, multiply, and divide functions
8. Composition of functions

B. Inverse functions
1. Identify inverse functions
2. Find values of inverse functions from tables
3. Find values of inverse functions from graphs

C. Function transformations
1. Function transformation rules
2. Translations of functions
3. Reflections of functions
4. Dilations of functions
5. Transformations of functions
6. Describe function transformations

D. Quadratic functions
1. Find the maximum or minimum value of a quadratic function
2. Characteristics of quadratic functions
3. Graph a quadratic function
4. Match quadratic functions and graphs
5. Solve a quadratic equation using square roots
6. Solve a quadratic equation by factoring
7. Solve a quadratic equation by completing the square
8. Solve a quadratic equation using the quadratic formula
9. Solve quadratic equations: word problems
10. Using the discriminant

E. Polynomial expressions and equations
1. Polynomial vocabulary
2. Divide polynomials using long division
3. Divide polynomials using synthetic division
4. Evaluate polynomials using synthetic division
5. Factor sums and differences of cubes

F. Polynomial functions
1. Find the roots of factored polynomials
2. Write a polynomial from its roots
3. Rational root theorem
4. Complex conjugate theorem
5. Conjugate root theorems
6. Descartes' Rule of Signs
7. Fundamental Theorem of Algebra
8. Match polynomials and graphs using end behavior
9. Match polynomials and graphs using zeros
10. Match polynomials and graphs
11. Domain and range of polynomials
12. Even and odd functions

G. Rational functions
1. Rational functions: asymptotes and excluded values
2. Solve rational equations
3. Check whether two rational functions are inverses

H. Exponential functions
1. Domain and range of exponential functions
2. Match exponential functions and graphs
3. Linear and exponential functions over unit intervals
4. Identify linear and exponential functions
5. Describe linear and exponential growth and decay

I. Logarithms
1. Convert between exponential and logarithmic form
2. Evaluate logarithms
3. Change of base formula
4. Product property of logarithms
5. Quotient property of logarithms
6. Power property of logarithms
7. Properties of logarithms: mixed review
8. Evaluate logarithms using properties

J. Logarithmic functions
1. Domain and range of logarithmic functions
2. Graph logarithmic functions

K. Exponential and logarithmic equations
1. Solve exponential equations by rewriting the base
2. Solve exponential equations using logarithms
3. Solve logarithmic equations with one logarithm
4. Solve logarithmic equations with multiple logarithms
5. Exponential growth and decay: word problems
6. Compound interest: word problems

L. Radical expressions and functions
1. Simplify radical expressions with variables
2. Nth roots
3. Domain and range of radical functions
4. Graph square root functions
5. Solve radical equations

M. Rational exponents
1. Evaluate rational exponents
2. Convert between rational exponents and radicals
3. Operations with rational exponents
4. Simplify expressions involving rational exponents
5. Solve equations with rational exponents

N. Systems of equations
1. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of equations?
2. Classify a system of equations
3. Solve a system of equations using substitution
4. Solve a system of equations using elimination
5. Solve a system of equations using elimination: word problems
6. Solve a system of equations using augmented matrices
7. Solve a nonlinear system of equations
8. Solve a system of linear and quadratic equations

O. Systems of inequalities
1. Is (x, y) a solution to the system of inequalities?
2. Solve systems of linear inequalities by graphing
3. Find the vertices of a solution set
4. Linear programming

P. Nonlinear inequalities
1. Graph solutions to quadratic inequalities
2. Solve quadratic inequalities
3. Graph solutions to higher-degree inequalities
4. Solve higher-degree inequalities

Q. Matrices
1. Matrix vocabulary
2. Matrix operation rules
3. Add and subtract matrices
4. Multiply a matrix by a scalar
5. Add and subtract scalar multiples of matrices
6. Multiply two matrices
7. Simplify matrix expressions
8. Properties of matrices
9. Solve matrix equations
10. Determinant of a matrix
11. Is a matrix invertible?

R. Trigonometry
1. Convert between radians and degrees
2. Radians and arc length
3. Quadrants
4. Coterminal and reference angles
5. Find trigonometric ratios using right triangles
6. Find trigonometric ratios using the unit circle
7. Find trigonometric ratios of special angles
8. Find trigonometric ratios using reference angles
9. Inverses of trigonometric functions
10. Inverses of trigonometric functions using a calculator
11. Solve trigonometric equations
12. Trigonometric ratios: find a side length
13. Trigonometric ratios: find an angle measure
14. Solve a right triangle
15. Law of Sines
16. Law of Cosines
17. Solve a triangle
18. Area of a triangle: sine formula
19. Area of a triangle: Heron's formula

S. Trigonometric functions
1. Find properties of sine functions
2. Write equations of sine functions from graphs
3. Write equations of sine functions using properties
4. Graph sine functions
5. Graph translations of sine functions
6. Find properties of cosine functions
7. Write equations of cosine functions from graphs
8. Write equations of cosine functions using properties
9. Graph cosine functions
10. Graph translations of cosine functions
11. Find properties of sine and cosine functions
12. Write equations of sine and cosine functions from graphs
13. Write equations of sine and cosine functions using properties
14. Graph sine and cosine functions
15. Graph translations of sine and cosine functions

T. Trigonometric identities
1. Complementary angle identities
2. Symmetry and periodicity of trigonometric functions

U. Conic sections
1. Find properties of parabolas
2. Write equations of parabolas in vertex form
3. Graph parabolas
4. Find properties of circles
5. Write equations of circles in standard form
6. Graph circles

V. Complex numbers
1. Add and subtract complex numbers
2. Complex conjugates
3. Multiply complex numbers

W. Complex plane
1. Introduction to the complex plane
2. Graph complex numbers
3. Addition in the complex plane
4. Subtraction in the complex plane
5. Graph complex conjugates
6. Absolute value in the complex plane

X. Polar form
1. Find the modulus and argument of a complex number
2. Convert complex numbers from rectangular to polar form
3. Convert complex numbers from polar to rectangular form
4. Convert complex numbers between rectangular and polar form
5. Match polar equations and graphs

Y. Two-dimensional vectors
1. Find the magnitude of a vector
2. Find the component form of a vector
3. Find the direction angle of a vector
4. Find the component form of a vector from its magnitude and direction angle
5. Graph a resultant vector using the triangle method
6. Graph a resultant vector using the parallelogram method
7. Add vectors
8. Subtract vectors
9. Find the magnitude and direction of a vector sum
10. Multiply a vector by a scalar

Z. Three-dimensional vectors
1. Find the magnitude of a three-dimensional vector
2. Find the component form of a three-dimensional vector
3. Add and subtract three-dimensional vectors
4. Scalar multiples of three-dimensional vectors
5. Find the dot product of two three-dimensional vectors
6. Find the cross product of two three-dimensional vectors

AA. Sequences
1. Find terms of a sequence
2. Find terms of a recursive sequence
3. Evaluate explicit formulas for sequences
4. Evaluate recursive formulas for sequences
5. Write a formula for an arithmetic sequence
6. Write a formula for a geometric sequence
7. Convert between explicit and recursive formulas
8. Sequences: mixed review

BB. Series
1. Identify arithmetic and geometric series
2. Introduction to sigma notation
3. Find the sum of an arithmetic series
4. Find the sum of a finite geometric series
5. Introduction to partial sums
6. Partial sums of arithmetic series
7. Partial sums of geometric series
8. Convergent and divergent geometric series
9. Find the value of an infinite geometric series
10. Find the sum of an infinite geometric series: word problems
11. Series: mixed review

CC. Probability
1. Calculate probabilities of events
2. Combinations and permutations
3. Find probabilities using combinations and permutations
4. Find probabilities using two-way frequency tables
5. Identify independent events
6. Find conditional probabilities

DD. Probability distributions
1. Identify probability distributions
2. Identify discrete and continuous random variables
3. Write a discrete probability distribution
4. Graph a discrete probability distribution
5. Expected values of random variables
6. Variance of random variables
7. Standard deviation of random variables
8. Write the probability distribution for a game of chance
9. Expected values for a game of chance
10. Choose the better bet

EE. Binomial and normal distributions
1. Find probabilities using the binomial distribution
2. Mean, variance, and standard deviation of binomial distributions
3. Find probabilities using the normal distribution I
4. Find probabilities using the normal distribution II
5. Find values of a normally distributed variable

FF. Single-variable statistics
1. Identify biased samples
2. Variance and standard deviation
3. Identify an outlier
4. Identify an outlier and describe the effect of removing it
5. Find confidence intervals for population means
6. Find confidence intervals for population proportions
7. Interpret confidence intervals for population means
8. Experiment design

GG. Bivariate statistics
1. Outliers in scatter plots
2. Match correlation coefficients to scatter plots
3. Calculate correlation coefficients
4. Find the equation of a regression line
5. Interpret regression lines

HH. Limits
1. Find limits using graphs
2. Find one-sided limits using graphs
3. Determine if a limit exists
4. Find limits using addition, subtraction, and multiplication laws
5. Find limits using the division law
6. Find limits of polynomials and rational functions
7. Find limits involving factored expressions
8. Find limits involving trigonometric functions
9. Find limits at infinity
10. Determine end behavior using limits
11. Find limits of piecewise functions

II. Continuity
1. Identify graphs of continuous functions
2. Determine continuity using graphs
3. Determine one-sided continuity using graphs
4. Find and analyze points of discontinuity using graphs

JJ. Introduction to derivatives
